BMW long known for creating the ultimate
driving machine has gone blue with their
brand new BMW i3 electric car you have
170 horsepower 184 foot-pounds of torque
with a vehicle that weighs just around
2,700 pounds thanks to the ingenious use
of carbon fiber throughout the entire
vehicle you have a zero to sixty seven
second acceleration rate and that's
plenty of power especially moving in and
out of city traffic but if you want to
take it on a trip you have a cruising
range of up to a hundred miles you can
also get an optional range extender
which is a two cycle motorcycle engine
that will double the cruising rate to
about 200 miles or so now the ingenuity
in this vehicle can be seen throughout
through the use of well recycled plastic
bottles for some of the material on the
inside some of the leathers word I'd
actually using olive oil and even the
dash itself has a eucalyptus wood
throughout that is a living would that
will change color as time goes on as it
ages and of course with the power that
you have and the functionality good room
for four people and of course a flexible
cargo capacity and quick charge
responsiveness you've got an excellent
automobile starting at around forty one
thousand three hundred and fifty bucks
it's cozy comfortable a little more
Headroom than you'd expect back here and
well I got to tell you it's it's nice
it'll be fun hey look at me
um BMW i3 electrified lowering the back
seats simple as pulling and pushing you
haven't experienced an electric vehicle
for yourself a lot of people wonder how
will it feel behind the wheel well the
nice thing about the BMW i3 is you've
got about a 50-50 weight distribution
extremely light automobile and with the
electric propulsion there's no gearing
to worry about you have instant torque
instant acceleration and you can get a
top speed of up to 93 miles per hour you
have a MacPherson strut suspension in
front and a five-link adjustable
suspension in the rear for very
comfortable ride and you have one of the
you know premier battery warranties
eight-year hundred thousand mile
warranty on the battery plus when you
buy an electric car typically you can
get at least in the States seventy five
hundred dollar tax credit you put all
that together and it's worth the ride